feat: add schema tests and official JSON Schema (#94)
OAI/Overlay-Specification: schemas/v1.0/readme.md

# OpenAPI Overlay 1.0.x JSON Schema

> Here you can find the JSON Schema for validating OpenAPI Overlay description of versions 1.0.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can find the JSON Schema for validating Overlays of versions 1.0.x.
```
See [Style guide for Overlay Specification](https://github.com/OAI/Overlay-Specification/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#style-guide-for-overlay-specification)
